president which has been patent
regulations that doping the Lance
Armstrong confession things mean
what do you think of it on how did the
spotter we followed from this is your
way to move forward is that the answer I
think the sport has moved forward from
the Lance Armstrong here and we're we're
a testament of that this team and what
we achieved last year I think what
happens now with all the information and
everything obviously that happened a
long time ago all this stuff I think
what we need now as riders is we need we
need some leadership from the powers
that be which of the UCI and I think
they're obviously picking up the pieces
now for the people that were running the
UCI 10 15 years ago when obviously the
Lance Armstrong I think was going so now
it's what the UCI now do with that
information and everything that's been
revealed the last couple of weeks and
how we move forward even further now as
a sport but in terms of anti-doping in
that I think we're certainly leading the
way as a sport certainly more so than
any other sport really and I think we're
you know we're an example of that you
okay taking on responsibilities up to
the front women yeah yeah I think there
is people get very kind of so why don't
you do this while you do that I think it
would be very easy for me to sit here
and say all the same things that we
heard Lance say for so long and be very
convincing of that and I think it's it
takes more than just words and it takes
actions and leading by example on that
and I think in this day and age I think
that is going to go much further than
them polit politically been fantastic
and saying all the right things because
you can say all the thing the right
things to you blue in the face and a lot
of people still won't believe you
so I think it's going to take a lot more
than that and I think it's a long-term
thing this isn't something that's going
to be fixed overnight and I think the
actions this team have taken in the last
few months are the things that are going
to last a long time really in ten years
time we'll probably we'll look back at
this
God the sky paved the way and I think
that's that's more important at this
stage it's a long haul now it's not some
it's just going to flip them and change
in a couple of days